tired imagine taking a little bit of
water rises the ducks measures
catch with is of tribes illusions
I believe that
during the whole game we did not
we despair and the hour that very happy
because this group deserves it maybe
the two previous parties do not know
they could give the results but always
we try to play and the style that imposes
the technician that the truth is a beast
because he never lowers his arms and that
gives much more strength to us so
very happy let me dedicate the triumph
first to my wife my mom my sister in law to
all women today like this
that this triumph for them so
very happy and we go home with three
google points that is strong because
I spoke with him the leaders are
conform you mark important greeting
have to continue as a technician beyond
of what was said in the week that
It really was not true, it's not that
never hesitated to always manufacture with
we
is the head of us and the only thing that
it is up to us to defend it inside
of the court and today I want that to be
it was demonstrated that it is a very
important that we live we have to have
feet on the ground so this is
a large campus all the things that are
say the door to the outside does not have
without care because today we show that
that hurricane is a big one so we have
to continue on this dedicated path
someone especially advises me of the
women and family to my wife who
It's always next to my children like that
that my family is happy for me
mom to my brother who are always
with me at all times in the good and
bad moments so the triumph is
for them and for all the people of
hurricane what
who trusts us that we go up
the end
some forgetfulness for your passage in racing
how did you take that and how did you see the
independent players in this
delicate moment
we do not prefer not to talk about
independent we know what's going on
a hard moment but
I'm thinking about hurricane this is the
folklore of football that improves the
whistled put by his past but today
I'm in a hurricane and I defend this
T-shirt that opens the doors for me
always thanks a hug